Conduit JS Helm chart has been deployed.

You may access Conduit through the Admin panel by setting .Values.admin.enabled to true. To expose the service you may use port forwarding:
kubectl port-forward svc/{{ include "conduit-helm.admin.fullname" . }} 8000:{{ .Values.admin.service.http_port }}

For more advanced options, there is also support for Ingress as well as NodePort and LoadBalancer configurations.

After reaching the UI the first time you can login with username: admin and password: admin.

Deployment options:

1. Redis (required)

a) Default Redis image. Set .Values.redis.enabled to true, for this option.
b) External Redis. Set the .Values.externalRedis.host and the related values (port, password etc), for this option.

2. Database (required)

a) Default Mongo image. Set .Values.mongodb.enabled to true, for this option.
b) External Database, Mongo or Postgres. Set the .Values.externalDatabase.url along with its type, for this option.

3. Loki (optional)

a) Loki chart dependency. Set .Values.loki.setup to true, for this option.
b) External Loki. Set .Values.externalLoki.url to the Loki HTTP URL, for this option.

4. Prometheus Metrics (optional)

a) Prometheus chart dependency. Set .Values.prometheus.setup to true, for this option.
b) External Prometheus. Set .Values.externalPrometheus.url to the Prometheus HTTP URL, for this option.

5. Embeddings (optional, disabled by default)

install.embeddings.enabled deploys the Kubernetes workload only; it is not the embeddings module-config enabled flag that starts generation/search workers.

Set install.embeddings.enabled=true only after conduitplatform/embeddings exists at the chosen image tag (install.embeddings.image.tag, defaulting to global.image.tag). Chart appVersion does not mean that image exists.

Requires global.secret.grpc_enable=true (GRPC_KEY). Roll out with module-config workers still disabled. Rollback with install.embeddings.enabled=false; vector fields, indexes, embedding configs, and Redis state are retained.